Update documentation for the Asset Store (#12033)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/asset_store/what_is_asset_store.rst

.. _doc_what_is_asset_store:

About the Asset Store
=======================

Overview
--------

> The Godot Asset Store, is a repository of user-submitted Godot addons, scripts,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Godot Asset Store is a repository of user-submitted Godot addons, scripts,
```
Don't think this pause belongs here

> tools, and other resources, collectively referred to as assets. They're available to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tools, and other resources, collectively referred to as assets. They're available for download
```

> to all Godot users for download directly from within the engine, but it can also be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for download to all Godot users directly from within the engine, but can also be
```
Seems you undid this change

> all Godot users for download directly from within the engine, but it can also be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to all Godot users directly from within the engine, but it can also be
```

> for download to all Godot users for download directly from within the engine, but it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for download to all Godot users directly from within the engine, but it
```

accessed at Godot's `official website <https://store.godotengine.org>`_.

> This set of pages will cover how to use the AssetLib (both from inside Godot, and on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This set of pages will cover how to use the Asset Store (both from inside Godot, and on
```
Surely?

the website), how you can submit your own assets, and what the guidelines for
submission are.

> Please note that the Asset Store is currently in beta. it may have various pain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the Asset Store is currently in beta. It may have various pain
```

points, bugs, and usability issues. The code for the store itself is currently

> private, however you can submit bug reports and discuss new features `here <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-asset-store-tracker>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
private, you can however submit bug reports and discuss new features `here <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-asset-store-tracker>`_.
```

Types of assets
---------------

> Be aware that there are, broadly, two different types of assets you can post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are, broadly, two different types of assets you can post.
```
Don't think that is needed

> * Assets labeled as "Templates", appear under the "Asset Store" tab in the Godot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Assets labeled as "Templates" appear under the "Asset Store" tab in the Godot
```

  Project Manager. These assets are standalone Godot projects that can run by
  themselves.

> * Other assets show up inside of the Godot editor under the "Asset Store"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Other assets show up inside the Godot editor under the "Asset Store"
```

  main screen tab, next to "2D", "3D", and "Script". These assets are
  meant to be downloaded and placed into an existing Godot project.

The old Asset library
---------------------

The Asset Store is the successor to the Asset Library. For now the library remains

> online and accessible. Assets have NOT been moved over to the new Asset Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
online and accessible. Assets have **not** been moved over to the new Asset Store
```
